all right folks welcome back
this is our
21st
episode
of the
2022 free ict youtube mentorship
little
tongue twister there
so we're looking at the
hourly chart on the dollar index why are
we here why are we looking at this
well i'm looking at this because i want
to show you the relationships between a
risk on and risk off market
if you've been following along in the
comment section and if you haven't paid
attention or even noticed
all my videos
in this mentorship the comment section
is open okay so
you're welcome to
make your
appreciation known you're welcome to
you know
prompt me with specific questions that
you want to see me kind of like
touch on without
making uh
you know too much of a long-winded
request for it
i can kind of get a feel for what you're
looking for and i'll work those ideas
into the lessons that we can
hopefully get everybody's understanding
on the same page
i may not respond to your post i mean
not
you know
directly answering sometimes if it's
short and easy i'll do that but if it's
a question i see a lot of across the
other videos as well
i use the videos to kind of like answer
it so it's important to take notes
because usually
you'll find that the questions you have
are answered in the progression through
this mentorship if you're coming here
later than 2022
all right so one of the questions i got
and i get this a lot for people that
have not been trained by me
the idea of
using the dollar index is it useful like
when i look at the forex market like if
the dollar is going higher obviously
that's going to put pressure
on the foreign currencies and it'll be
less likely for them to have sustained
rallies they're more likely to have
sustained declines so dollar up foreign
currency down dollar down foreign
currency up
the reason why that's occurring is it's
a risk on risk off scenario
dollar if it is going up as we have here
this is a risk off scenario okay risk
off scenario implies that
generally every other market or asset
class will start to
decline
and this is treated as like a flight to
quality okay or a safe haven
so money pours into the dollar
and it pours out of
risk assets that would be like foreign
currency
that's why i've been telling you to look
at the euro dollar to go lower and make
a new low on this daily chart and
today it did it
and now it's random
then also this applies as well to the
stock market and index market
so obviously i'm kind of like
pushing
the index futures in this mentorship on
youtube
but it's applicable obviously everything
i'm teaching here is universal so it
works in everything now i'm not
co-signing crypto as a reminder i do not
trade cryptocurrency i have absolutely
zero experience trading cryptocurrency
outside of a demo account or a paper
trading account i've never done anything
with it i've never opened up a crypto
account
i have no interest in ever going into
that asset class and
there it is okay i see a lot of you
asking that in the comment section so
i'm going to try to throw this out there
every now and then as a reminder because
i don't do anything with that asset
class a lot of students that trade them
and they swear by my concepts work in
there but i personally
don't do it okay so
there's that
i am a forex and futures trader so that
way you guys can know what my specialty
is and
i want to show you this chart here and
remind you of what i mentioned in the
previous week
in our meetings together in episodes i
said that we would likely see the dollar
index
drop down if i was making the market for
the dollar i would see it go down to
around 99.92
can go back and listen to the videos and
obviously
you'll see it it's there and hear it
then i said i would run the relative
equal highs and start to run it higher
i gave you the objectives of
relative equal highs and mentioned like
102 103 and you know even my private
mentorship group knows there's
objectives as well and we have it here
okay
so
i'll leave it up to you whether or not
you find this
inspiring or not knowing that this was
likely to occur for a london setup and
then rally higher
i want you to look at the relationship
between this price move here
and go back into commentary where i was
referring to that daily bearish order
block
on the index feature okay so i was
talking about the
the low of the daily order block
the open of the order block
and the mean threshold halfway and then
the high of the order block being the
less likely level be traded to and i'll
talk about that when we get into the
e-mini s p portion of this episode but
for now let's take a look at what the
relationship looks like with the dollar
versus the e-mini s p
so this is the june contract for 2022 of
the e-mini s p futures market and you
can see as the dollar creates its
important low that i called publicly you
guys know it i've said it i explained it
to you in detail
as this dollar was going higher
what was going on in the e-mini s p
see that inverted relationship there
that's why i could go back and listen to
the recording when i was talking about
that bearish order block on the e-mini s
p i said that we're going into may and
it's usually a seasonal decline and i'm
going to be looking for signatures to
warrant
downward pressure
in this particular asset class and
reaching for those relatively equal lows
on the daily chart
hello look at your chart folks this is
this is what it's like to be mentored
this is what it's like to know what's
likely to occur with tools that make
sense there's nothing ambiguous here
there's nothing
you know splattered across the chart
it's just simple sound logic
okay
i'm hopefully
inspiring you to simplify which
many on the outside looking at what i do
will make
snipe remarks like oh he over
complicates things and i'm not
complicating anything
these are very simple ideas and it helps
you build the idea of bias
it gives you intermarket relationships
and intermarket analysis
to give you
the the trust okay why did i feel you
know confident to publicly say
that 99.92 level well i explained that
why did i think it was going to rally
from there because i'm bullish on dollar
why did i hint that we're going to be
going lower into the e-mini s p e
relative equal lows and as we enter into
may that's a seasonal tendency
so all those factors came together
and my experience of almost 30 years was
used
to hint at something
for you to study and if i'm right or if
i'm wrong you get to be a judge okay you
get to see and weigh me in the balances
i've laid it out there in your hands
you see right now in this chart what i
was forecasting
the reasons why i was doing it why i
said what i said and why it looks like
it does in your chart today
all right so here's that daily chart and
here's that bearish order block i was
referring to and the high i said is the
level we don't look for it to be traded
to
and you can see we didn't even get to it
there okay so we route up into the order
block and then we had the weakness that
was expected as we go into that may
month and we're reaching into these
relative equal lows
that's the next draw on liquidity but
for now again just keep your
study inside this order block
that's taught in this youtube channel
okay
so while it's not a
main factor in the model i'm teaching in
the
mentorship for youtube here
i leaned on that as a basis for my
analysis why i felt this was likely to
go lower
that's the order block that's the one
that makes
the
likelihood
of the market turning in this area and
then going lower and attacking the south
side below here
below the relative equal lows here is
next and then this low here so
ultimately we're looking for a run below
here for the cell side now it might want
to go down below here and give a little
bit of a retracement if it leaves this
portion open
that might want to
rally from going under here up there i
don't think it would do that personally
but it could happen
but it's likely to you draw into that
old low here
now how we trade once we get there
that'll be interesting because i don't
know if it's going to accelerate
violently to the downside or if we're
going to have a sharp retracement higher
i don't know that okay i don't care to
know that right now i'm just looking for
and submitting to the idea that we're
going to keep drawing down on the daily
chart each daily candle should be
expanding lower
and reaching into this area okay that's
what i'm expecting that's my ideal
scenario
now
if you look at the daily range here
today
we had a little bit of movement above
the previous day so we rallied above
monday's high
and then failed
and accelerated to the downside
fell short of just running below these
relative equal lows but i still believe
that's where we're likely to go
a little bit of consolidation in here
dropped and we had a nice rally in here
now admittedly
listen closely folks because this is one
of those times where
i didn't get it right and i have no
problem telling you
i was expecting this to rally just a
little bit higher and maybe flirt with
that 4320 level i thought that we could
get one more spike up into that and then
i was expecting to roll over
and go lower that did not happen okay so
let's go into the lower time frame 15
minute time frame
here is the midnight hour new york time
and the opening price there notice we
only had one two little
moves above that
and that's a really anemic movement for
what i was expecting a little bit more
pronounced
rally higher i wanted to see a little
bit of judith swing about 20 handles 15
handles to that effect like that and
then break down and create something
like this okay but we didn't get it so
some of you
may be asking and i believe it was
michelle
in the comment section
mentioned that uh
it didn't appear that power three was in
effect today it actually was but
sometimes it's really really small
little movements like this and it may
not be useful to you
but what happens is when you enter the
london session which we do here
at three o'clock in the morning it
breaks down relative to new york local
time okay so three a.m new york local
time there's a lot of folks in the
comments section that are referring to
and confused about daylight savings time
and such
all of that is resolved if you simply
just listen to the instructions i gave
every single time i mentioned the time
aspect
if you use
this little area down here on trading
view and toggle it to new york
and all you do is by clicking it a
window will pop up scroll to where it
says new york you highlight that one
click it and then you're set you don't
have to worry about it don't worry about
daylight savings time don't worry about
you know
anything as long as you are aware of
what local time is in new york set a
clock on your computer that always
tracks the local time in new york 24 7
365 days a year if you do that you'll
never have any confusion about what you
should be doing relative to time okay
so if you have
a small little movement like this
it can throw you off if you're expecting
like i was i wanted to see a little bit
higher rally so in the morning i was
looking for maybe a little poke above
here didn't happen we broke down
retraced back in bearish order block
and the imbalance
and spent a little bit of time here and
then rolled over right before the 9 30
opening okay and i'm going to talk a
little bit about the 8 30 and the 9 30
what times
you know are useful what are they
beneficial
to your analysis and what
you should be concerned about okay
because there's a lot of questions about
that
but ultimately we moved into the lunch
hour had a little bit of retracement
here broke down once more and then
aggressive selling really aggressive
selling into the pm session into the
close of the day
if you look at the
opening price
at midnight local time
new i'm sorry new york midnight local
time that's what this here is
that's the opening price
this price is useful for trading the
london session that's two o'clock and
five o'clock in the morning new york
local time
and
it helps me
frame the power 3 for the daily range if
i'm bearish i'm looking for something to
rally above
that opening price in london that's my
ideal scenario i'm looking for that
personally as you can see we really
didn't get much of that today it was
extremely heavy and just wilted and went
lower
sometimes that's going to happen folks
and in
this instance i missed a setup i don't
get in what i'm thinking i'm expecting
to see so
i'm human
you're human you're going to look at
something in the chart and you're going
to have something that is your favorite
model uh whatever pattern is you're
looking for and it may not even be my
stuff you know say you're just here
casually watching
you're probably not in your head saying
yeah i've had lots of instances where i
was looking for my particular setup and
it didn't materialize and it went the
other way without me
you're going to miss moves you're going
to misinterpret it you're going to read
it wrong that's
going to happen that's why you have to
use a stop loss that's why you have to
be controlled about how many times you
go into the marketplace and you also
have to have some measure of flexibility
and that comes with experience you're
not going to always be able to see that
this isn't going to go up for you
initially it's just going to just wilt
and go the other direction so
when we get into the 8 30 hour and i
have the lines really light here because
i want to be able to show where the
highs and the lows were on the
respective candles so this is the 8 30
and this is the 12 8 am
midnight candle in new york
so this is new york
and this is
midnight new york so there's a
distinction here
the beginning of the day
this is where i look for
the daily range power 3 setup and or
the
ideal scenario from bear so i want to
see something rally above that opening
price if i'm bullish i want to see it
decline below that opening price okay
that's pretty much the basis for the
opening price at midnight
it may not be a factor for you
like it is here it's not much of a use
you know for anything except for
well here it opened and it just
basically
went lower from there
at 8 30 the same thing i look for those
types of scenarios now i'm looking for
weaker prices i'm looking for it to
trade lower
and does it rally above
the 830 opening price
it never does it's too heavy it just
wilts okay keeps going lower
now
the opening price at 8 30 i use that for
again power 3 for the new york session
the same thought process i'm using for
the opening price at midnight in new
york time
that opening price fund bears i want to
see a move above that's what i dub a
judas swing a false rally or a suspect
rally i usually like to fade those types
of moves as it goes up i sell right into
it it's scary for someone who doesn't
understand what you're looking at
but if you know what you're looking for
and it takes a lot of experience and
learning and back testing and seeing
things
you'll be able to do those types of
things over time
but that same element of trying to look
for a short above that opening price in
new york when i'm bearish i would expect
the same thing to happen for the new
york session
a rally above that opening price at 8 30
and then decline so i'm looking for
something to rally above that and fade
it but it isn't doing it today so now
look what's occurring here this is
really important that you understand
this part of it
you know that i've been bearish i've
made it public knowledge here
did we rally above the opening price at
midnight no
8 30
no
and we're bearish
what does that indicate to you
obviously with the benefit of hindsight
it's extremely bearish it can't even
rally to a short-term premium above the
opening price at key levels
and time
so
we have extremely heavy bearish market
so it's not going to give us these
stunning little short-term rallies that
we can feed
it's just going to stay heavy and
either you get in
where you can find small little pockets
of imbalance
or you miss the move entirely
now as it happens today
my wife went on a trip i had to take her
to the airport i was only able to
capture two thousand dollars worth of
movement
in the s p e-mini
that's the only thing i could capture
when i got back
i didn't participate in the afternoon
and looking at it now
i missed a really really huge
opportunity there was no trading
whatsoever in the afternoon my money was
made short on e-mini s p
in the morning session
and that's all i had for today
if i would have just held on to what i
had in the morning you know i could have
done around twelve thousand dollars
today alone
but i didn't hold on to it i had other
things to take care of
and that's that's the reality of things
you know real life creeps in it's going
to happen
but
for those of you that are trying to
learn these concepts
these types of movements
are going to be very frustrating in the
early stages of your development because
you're going to feel like
they're changing something they're aware
of this it's this stuff goes on a lot it
happens in the futures markets like
commodities like corn soybeans
gold
oil
um
stocks
sometimes the markets are just simply
too heavy and they're not going to rally
for you
okay to short into
it doesn't mean that they've changed
anything it doesn't mean that the
concepts don't work it just means that
this is a market that is extremely
bearish and when it's extremely bearish
you have to trade it differently
and
i'll show you what i mean by that here
and i'm not trying to inspire much
outside of the mentorship but i know
some of you have asked this in the
comment section plus it helps my own
personal group to understand this as
well so it'll be a little bit of a
refresher for them
all right so here's the london open
setup
this was the move that set up
the only real sound entry in my opinion
that took place today
here
this displacement fair value gap
rallies up bear shoulder block fair
value gap runs into it and then you hold
it because at the micro structure shift
below the short term low the imbalance
we went back up in this inbounds here
remember when i taught you about this
this one here
can be traded two on a spike it can get
up in there but your entry is on the
lower fair value gap do you see the
logic working here
you are going to use a stop that's going
to allow for the market trading up into
this one so you may not like that much
risk you may not be able to take this
trade
that's all part of this game but you can
trade a micro
or maybe you could i shouldn't say that
you can i don't know what all of your
your risk parameters are what you can
work with in terms of margin but while
you're learning in paper trading
obviously you you can use anything
because it's all hypothetical money
and you're learning the skill set
but the rules are still sticking to what
i gave you in terms of the logic if you
have two fair value gaps you're using
this as the entry and you're using this
as the risk
don't always assume that you can get up
here and get the best entry because it
never went there see that
so it's things like this this is what i
refer to as a signature in price action
these are algorithmic things that repeat
but you have to have the discernment and
experience and know when it's likely to
occur when it isn't likely to occur
so anyway let's talk a little bit about
the 8 30 time period and 9 30.
all right so here's 8 30. i've
got the inbounds here after 8 30 now
normally with the model i'm teaching you
to look for something to the left prior
to 8 30. some kind of short term high we
want to see it rally up
and using the opening price at 8 30
which is here we want to see it rally
above that run some stops then break
down and create this type of scenario
where it has displacement
and a imbalance it rallies back up into
the imbalance and sells off
the model doesn't exist
in today's price action on the
five-minute chart
it doesn't give it to you there okay so
i'm going to give you
coaching if you will to kind of like
show you what was in price and some of
the things i was looking at to help get
in sync with the move
but i didn't ride the whole thing out
okay and
believe me i'm looking at this today
wishing i just would have had at least
one of the two contracts i had on
one still and just let it run and i
could have done you know about eight
grand or so
but i didn't do it okay i was leaving i
was taking my wife to the airport and
it's just better
if you're not going to be in front of
the charts and anything can happen
you have to get delayed out there
phone doesn't connect with the you know
the broker
it's just better just to be away if
you're not going to be paying attention
to the marketplace
just simply completely close the entire
position also i'll throw this in here
too uh
shortly before i started doing the
recording here
i saw a question do i ever hold
overnight in these current conditions i
stopped holding overnight like 24 hours
years ago we had a lot of things going
on in the world that changed my
trust
just like i used to hold things over the
weekend and expect continuation going
into the opening on sunday and monday i
no longer hold over the weekend so i am
in a session
or a day
and out before the close like i'm not
holding 24 hours i'm not holding 12
hours you know i'm not doing those types
of positions typically my trade is
anywhere between 90 minutes to two hours
maximum that's about the
the length of time that i'm holding and
i'm i'm looking to take mine and get out
and then reassess things because there's
just too much risk right now in the
marketplace all asset classes
and things are now starting to get a
little wild and it could get a little
bit more wilder
okay
but the five-minute chart has the
imbalance in here we saw that run
and
the model i want to see it run above the
opening price at 8 30.
the opening price at 8 30 is the new
york sessions
opening price
now don't get confused with the new york
midnight candles opening price because
the new york
association in the name
new york session
is
the 8 30 to 11 time period
new york local time
so i'm looking for this framework to
offer power 3 which is a fractal element
of
accumulation manipulation and
distribution that's what power three the
three things that is empowering you is
understanding those three elements
accumulation what's accumulating short
positions okay
why because it's bearish so smart money
would accumulate short positions then
anticipate manipulation above the
opening price they would assume more
short positions there
then
it starts to go the other direction and
they distribute
their short positions
at some important low that's that we're
able to forecast then obviously it's
relative to
those
daily equal lows and old daily lows and
projections with the fib all those ideas
come to mind in concert with in
agreement as well
with time of day okay so we're looking
at a movement down into
around the lunch hour beginning at noon
okay creates the important low there we
have a retracement during the lunch hour
one more time it punches above the high
here then it breaks down
consolidate start street one two three
and then you can expect continuation
going into the afternoon session
we're not gonna talk about the afternoon
session because honestly i wasn't
participating in it and it is what it is
i'm familiar with this morning because i
had some
horses in the race today okay so we'll
start getting a little bit more detail
here here we have the
four-minute chart
the imbalance here this is one again
that is not rallying above the opening
price at 8 30. now it's showing 8.28
but that's because i'm showing a four
minute chart so don't let that confuse
you but the opening price again never
got traded above
at the 830 candle so whatever that
opening price is at 8 30 you extend that
out in time and you want to see that
rally above
now
when you have this
expectation
the other aspect of time
is the 9 30 opening
that's when the equity market or stocks
themselves start trading their new york
session
so what happens at 9 30 what am i
expecting at 9 30 well no number one 9
30 is just when the opening occurs and
there's initial volatility now it can be
whip saw where it can go up and down
real short term
and go both directions in a small range
sometimes it could be a really large
range and clear both sides of the buying
cell
and then
whatever the real move is going to be
for the day
we wait for that to unfold
today we can see at 9 30 it just starts
to run lower
it doesn't give us a rally at all so it
just starts to speed up what's already
in motion from three o'clock in the
morning during the london open session
so
at 9 30 all it does is just start to
accelerate down
okay and the same ideas being shown on a
three-minute chart
you can see here that a little imbalance
gets a little bit more refined trades up
into it rather handsomely
breaks down and here's another
everybody got with a bearish order block
now this is one in here where it's
useful because
you have a little bit more insight as to
what it's doing it's too heavy it's not
likely to rally
there's no reason to look to go long
start looking for reasons to get short
and anytime you get an imbalance and
we're above those relative equal lows on
the daily chart because it's going to
draw down into that that's the that's
the heaviness
objective okay why the prices keep going
lower lower lower lower is because
they're gravitating towards those
relative equal lows on the daily chart
okay so go back to the chart where i
mentioned in this video and showed the
daily chart i had that little blue line
that's where price is being drawn to
okay the algorithm is marching
every minute every hour
every day to that level
how long does it take to get there i
don't know that but i mentioned in my
group
that i didn't want to see it happen like
we're seeing it right now
because it's
it's too fast and it doesn't give a lot
of opportunities to get in with it and
ride it so you either have to have
entries like this
which unfortunately isn't scalable
with
the model i've shared publicly but i do
have obviously
opportunities to go over it like this
and show you that how you can still use
the idea of the fair value you got to
get in with it
but you're going to have to leave out
the element of
a rally above the opening price at 8 30
and 9 30 just creates a lot of
volatility okay
the initial surge in the new york
session
as the stocks
begin to trade basically
so
as a recap here before i go into the
next slide
midnight
new york time
that opening price i used that to trade
the london open session that's two
o'clock to five o'clock in the morning
and also to help frame the idea like say
i sleep through london which is ninety
percent of the time what i do today like
i don't do a lot of london session
trading and
because of that when i wake up and i'm
looking at the market around seven
o'clock in the morning or so i'm looking
at what has happened overnight and did
we create a scenario that i would be
looking to trade if i was awake during
london
if it happens then i know that i'm
really built in
with an advantage
on the daily bias because if i'm bearish
and it creates a rally above the opening
price
midnight time in new york
and it creates that rally that little
judas swing that explained many times
already
and it starts to decline and i'm below
that around seven o'clock in the morning
i know that i'm likely to create another
little short term rally
but it would be above ideally above the
opening price at 8 30. but it may not do
that
and price just remained heavy below both
opening prices at midnight new york
local time
and 8 30 new york local time
so everything was extremely
bearish and it was just so heavy it
could not mount any meaningful rallies
many times in my early development i got
crushed on days like this where it felt
like okay it's too
too low now it can't just keep going
lower so i'm going to try to buy it now
because
you know indicators told me they were
oversold
1992 1993 1994
i blew account after account after
account doing that
and it's frustrating
now obviously with three decades of
experience behind me i know what it's
trying to do and where it's trying to
get to
and it's getting there in
a really fast rate of speed
now obviously you can get there a lot
faster than that but i don't i don't
want to do that because it gives no real
opportunity for me to engage and
participate in and it doesn't give you
as the student to engage also with your
demo or paper trading account to
practice
but as real life sometimes is
it's unfair okay it doesn't give us what
we want sometimes our expectations and
our wants are
denied
and in today's climate that is not
popular
that's why this market and trading these
markets is very very difficult
especially for like the millennials okay
that ideal
perfect always come exactly as i
expected
sometimes is denied
and either you
accept that and navigate the markets
within perfection
and without the ideal scenario for your
model
or
you're comfortable with just letting go
and not doing anything and being
accepting
when it comes to big moves and you can't
participate in it there's lots of moves
folks over the last 30 years that i
missed that were huge
big huge moves
for instance bitcoin i called that thing
i called that thing at 7 500
to 20 000.
and then right before 20 000 i said it
wasn't going to 20 000. it was 19 700.
and i said it's going to go to 6 000.
and everybody laughed and went down and
i said i was going to go down 3 000 but
it went down to like 32
and then
i think a couple times i i had it wrong
publicly and then i said that we would
go to 20 000.
by christmas
i think it was uh 2020
and then i said thirty thousand modern
years and i was off by about 18 hours
it went to 30 000 on the second i
believe it was on january
2021 and then i said 55 000
and 66 000 that was about as far as i
could see it go and we went just a
little bit above 66 000
and hasn't been doing much since
but i didn't do anything with that with
real money so i missed a huge run in
something that would have otherwise
paid out a lot of money
and i've missed a lot of moves in the
futures markets and a lot of commodities
i missed a lot of stock moves you know
while i was teaching forex there's a lot
of stock movement and index futures that
i didn't participate in
guess what
it's okay
i'm able to still find trades
i'm not starving
and that's the the reality you're going
to have to come to terms and
the grip
with
you have no way of participating in
every single move
and don't think that you're going to
find every big move you're not going to
participate in every single price swing
you're not going to folks
i miss moves you're going to miss moves
and it's okay it's part of this game
this business is going to still run and
do the same things we're looking for all
the time and you're not going to
participate in every move
okay so give yourself
the
permission okay
to be human
you're going to do it wrong sometimes
you're going to see it for something
it's not and you're gonna miss that big
move
i had a little piece of this today but i
didn't get the whole thing
i wish i would have but i didn't
and it's okay i forgive myself for being
a good husband taking my wife to the
airport i know this is all too much
stuff and you don't care some of you
like to say those things in the comments
get to the point the point is
you do this
you're going to have these elements
creep in and how are you going to deal
with it you're going to get mad and go
on the social media
you know blurry out and curse and say
these markets suck
no that's not what you should be doing
you should just reason with yourself
ahead of time say okay i'm not going to
be able to do everything
i'm not going to participate in every
single move and this is what happens
sometimes
it doesn't mean the model is broken i
promise you
and over the next couple weeks you're
gonna see the model delivering like it's
done in the past
and it's fine
it's gonna there's gonna be times when
the market shifts in and out
and the market structure is just too
overwhelmingly bullish or too
overwhelmingly bearish in this instance
you know the bearishness i gave you guys
just was a lot more bearish than the
model would permit for entry but you can
see there's fair value gaps in here you
can use to participate dropping down to
two minute chart let's see again refined
in real nice here
and then once more in here
and then
drop down into that noon time creating
an important low
which is what i taught you
in this mentorship already and that two
minute imbalance you can see on one
minutes right here
and here
really nice delivery there
and these are just simple little
imbalances to get in sync with what is
already in motion
not needing to see it rally above the
830 opening price because
it's not likely to
so it takes a little bit of courage to
get in here and trade these types of
setups
but that's what you do or you don't do
anything
and you just tape read you watch it when
it doesn't it's okay i would like to see
it drop here
and into the drop yes and you study that
and give you another fair value gap in
here that's not highlighted and it
rallies up to a fair shoulder block and
sells off and your stop is above here
and just because it goes down lower
it doesn't mean jam your stop loss to
here because that's what happens
you need to have time
and price behind you before you start
moving your stop loss
and ultimately trades obviously lower
into that noon time all right so i think
that's going to be it
uh the next
episode on thursday i'm going to show
you a couple things inside the trading
platform on tradingview
that i think are useful
it that answers a few things and one of
those students made mention that
could i literally go in and show how to
set up the fibonacci
so i thought it was kind of simple
already but
obviously some of you are really really
new and you're not familiar with the
tradingview platform so i'm going to add
that at the end of the video on thursday
coming up okay so that way it's at the
end and anybody that already knows how
to do it they don't have to go through
and watch all that stuff but i'll give
you another teaching and lesson
obviously on thursday
and until i talk to you then
be safe